*** Using Ask mode for the following statements and manually creating/updating the files.

I need to create a for converting files, unzipping them, and then parsing the final nested files.

The file ending in 'All Recipes.paprikarecipes" needs to have its extension changed to be '.zip' 
and then all the files extracted to a folder called 'All Recipes'.
The extracted files are expected to have the extension '.paprikarecipe', but these should be 
changed to be '.gz' There should be no issue changing the file type because they are identical. 
Once all file extensions have been changed to '.gz', extract the contents and put them in the 
folder called 'All Recipes'

The final extracted files in 'All Recipes' should be converted to json files. Please update the 
code to do this.


Please create a new script that creates a cooking recipe from each json file and save the recipe as 
a pdf with the same name as the json file. The recipe should be saved in the 'All Recipes' folder.

Additionally, please create a sub folder in the 'All Recipes' folder called 'Recipe Images'. When 
parsing the json files to create the recipe files, if the 'image_url' value is not empty, please 
download the image from that url and save it as the same name as the recipe.


Next steps:
1. Need to update the PaprikaExtract file to address the case when the 'All Recipes' folder already 
   exists. 
   - If the folder does not exist then use the code as it already is. 
   - Else if the folder does exist, then check if each recipe already exists in the folder.
        - If the new recipe file does not already exist then save it.
        - If the recipe already exists and the new recipe is not different then continue to 
          the next recipe.
        - If the new recipe is different than the existing recipe then save the new recipe with a 
          '(2)' at the end of the file name.

   Do the same checks with the recipe images.

   Once this is complete, create a .txt file with the list of the recipes with '(2)' at the end of 
   the file name. These are the recipes which need to be reviewed.

2. Change the recipe formatting of JSONToPDFRecipe.py recipe so that it is formatted neater and move 
   the formatting part to another file so that it can be used as a recipe formatting template. The 
   JSONToPDFRecipe.py file should call the recipe format file or function when doing the formatting.
    a. Set the page border margins to 0.5 inches
    b. The title should be at the top left of the recipe page
    c. The recipe overview info (prep time, cook time, servings, etc.) should be listed just 
       below the title
    d. Break the page into two sections, the left side of the page should be 30% of the available 
       space and the right side of the page should be 70% of the available space
    e. Place the ingredients list in the space created on the left side of the page, but only fill 
       that space to 85% of its width. Center the text in that space.
    f. Place the directions in the space created on right side of the page, but on the fill the 
       space to 85% of its width. Center the text in that space.
    g. Place a vartical line between the ingredients and the recipe directions. Make it only the 
       vertical length of the ingredients list.
    h. Place the image on the second page.

Please update the JSONToPDFRecipe script to have a conditional at the start to prevent the script from 
running if 'recipes_needing_review.txt' file exists.

Also add a conditional to the script so that it skips any json files where the date modified value of 
the pdf file is the same as the json file. Don't want to reprocess json files which were not updated.

Please increase the tolerance for rounding differences from 1-second to 10-minutes.



*** Using Agent mode for the below sections.

In the RecipeFormatter file the following changes should be made.
1. The vertical line which should be separating the ingredients from the directions is just a horizontal 
   line after the ingredients sections. Please correct this so that there is a vertical line separating 
   the ingredients and directions sections. 
2. Additionally, please change the formatting for the whole page so that the margins are 0.5 inches. It 
   currently looks like the base formatting is 1 inch on the left and right margins.
3. For the ingredients section, please make the ingredients text left-hand formatted rather than center 
   formatted. Also change the ingredient spacing to be single-spaced rather than double-spaced.
4. Please change the 'Source' line to be 1.5 spaced from the 'Servings' line, rather than double-spaced.
5. Please change the 'Notes' section to have the same formatting as the 'Directions' section and place it 
   beneath the 'Directions' section, rather than on the next page.
6. Reduce the line spacing between the 'Source' line and the 'Ingredients'/'Directions' sections by half.
7. Move the 'Nutritional Information' section to be beneath the 'Ingredients'/'Directions' sections and 
   change the information in the section so that it is all listed in one line if it is not already 
   formatted that way.
8. Change the pdf and image file naming scheme so that the names end with ' (X Stars)' where 'X' is the 
   value of the 'rating' key in the json file.


Additional Adjustments:
1. In the formatting, remove all margin specifications from sections which are not the 'Ingredients' and 
   'Directions' sections. 
2. Also, since the Nutritional Information is listed below the recipe there is no need to also have a 
   'Nutritional Information' section below the recipe image.
3. And, move the 'Notes' section so that it is listed in the same column below the 'Directions' section.

Made further formatting adjustments.


Need to update the JSONToPDFRecipe.py file so that it checks if the image was retrieved and makes 
additional attempts to find an image file when the current function fails or has an error. If the issue 
is a '403 Client Error' or 'Connection aborted' then retry. If the issue is a '404 Client Error' or the 
retry failed then go to google images and find the first image when searching the recipe title.

Examples:
Failed to download image from https://lidiasitaly.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Boiled-Zucchini-Salad-with-Tuna-resized2-e1529615034172-706x1024.jpg: 
   403 Client Error: Forbidden for url: https://lidiasitaly.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Boiled-Zucchini-Salad-with-Tuna-resized2-e1529615034172-706x1024.jpg
Failed to download image from https://www.recipegirl.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Ooey-Gooey-Flourless-Chocolate-Cookies-2-500x500.jpeg: 
   ('Connection aborted.', RemoteDisconnected('Remote end closed connection without response'))
Failed to download image from https://www.pbs.org/food/wp-content/blogs.dir/2/files/2021/11/baked-rigatoni-and-zucchini-1920x1080-150x84.jpg: 
   404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://www.pbs.org/food/wp-content/blogs.dir/2/files/2021/11/baked-rigatoni-and-zucchini-1920x1080-150x84.jpg


Corrected an issue, but still having problems with the following recipes still missing images:
Created PDF: Lidia’s Baked Fennel with Sage (0 Stars).pdf
  Connection Error for https://www.pbs.org/food/wp-content/blogs.dir/2/files/2021/11/baked-rigatoni-and-zucchini-1920x1080-150x84.jpg: 
  HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.pbs.org', port=443): 
  Max retries exceeded with url: /food/wp-content/blogs.dir/2/files/2021/11/baked-rigatoni-and-zucchini-1920x1080-150x84.jpg 
  (Caused by SSLError(SSLEOFError(8, '[SSL: UNEXPECTED_EOF_WHILE_READING] EOF occurred in 
  violation of protocol (_ssl.c:1006)')))
  Created PDF: Lidia’s Baked Rigatoni and Zucchini (0 Stars).pdf

Connection aborted for https://aislinglarkin.ie/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/pistachio-tiramisu-.jpg, 
retrying...
  Retries failed for https://aislinglarkin.ie/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/pistachio-tiramisu-.jpg, 
  searching Google Images...
  Created PDF: Pistachio, Lemon & Raspberry Tiramisu (0 Stars).pdf

Created PDF: Stir-Fried Ginger & Green Chili Prawns (0 Stars).pdf
  403 Forbidden for https://thetasteedit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/cookbook-Thali-Stir-Fried-Paner-and-Peppers-in-Kadhai-Marsalaphotocredit-Sam-A.-Harris-1080x1620.jpg, 
  retrying...
  Retries failed for https://thetasteedit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/cookbook-Thali-Stir-Fried-Paner-and-Peppers-in-Kadhai-Marsalaphotocredit-Sam-A.-Harris-1080x1620.jpg, 
  searching Google Images...
  Created PDF: Stir-Fried Paneer & Peppers in a Kadhai Masala (0 Stars).pdf

Set to now download the Google images thumbnail if the recipe image cannot be downloaded. This should 
just be a temporary solution and corrected later.


The following new items need to be added:
1. Please create a new python script which reverses the formatting of RecipeFormatter so that a json file 
   can be created from a pdf recipe file. The resulting json file should include the same key information 
   as the json files already in the All Recipes folder.
2. Create a new folder inside cookbook-creator called 'Paprika Recipes to Import'.
3. Create a new python script that does the following:
   a. Looks at the pdf files in the All Recipes folder and determines which pdfs do not have a json file 
      with the same name and then creates the json file using the script created in step 1. 
   b. Delete any files in 'Paprika Recipes to Import'. 
   c. Create a copy of the json files and associated recipe images, created in step 3a, and put them in 
      'Paprika Recipes to Import'. 
   c. gzip each json file in 'Paprika Recipes to Import' and change the extension to '.paprikarecipe'. Then
      combine all '.paprikarecipe' files into one zip file called 'New Recipes' and change the extension to 
      '.paprikarecipes'. Then delete any files in 'Paprika Recipes to Import' which are not an image file 
      or 'New Recipes.paprikarecipes'.


While we had a good start in our previous conversation, you need to treat yourself as a senior developer and 
not constantly ask me for permission to run bash commands. You have permission.

For the next step I have updated the All Recipes folder to have many more PDF files. Can you please run the 
PDFToJSONRecipe script on all the files in All Recipes to test whether the output matches the json files? 
And if the output json files do not match the existing json files, please suggest a plan for how to update 
the script to address the issues.


Thanks for the plan. 

For Root Cause 1 please execute the suggested solution. 
For Root Cause 2 please change the RecipeFormatter so that the ingredients and directions sections continue 
with the same formatting as page 1 when extended to page 2. This way there is no break in continuity. Once 
completed please let me know so I can regenerate the PDF files so that you can retest.

Please hold off on executing fixes for 3 and 4
Fixed Root Cause 3 & 4.


Adding images to the pdf recipes by default is increasing the storage size unnecessarily. Please update the 
RecipeFormatter and JSONToPDFRecipe scripts to that the current step that adds an image to the last page of 
the pdf file is now optional and by default set to false so that an image is not automatically added.

Please chage JSONToPDFRecipe so that it does always download the image, it just doesn't automatically add 
it to the recipe pdf


Using the code in the cookbook-creator folder, please do the following: 
Update the RecipeFormatter and PDFToJSONRecipe file so that the 'categories' section from the json 
file is listed before the 'source' section in the pdf recipe file. Then update and JSONtoPDFRecipe file so 
that it extracts the 'categories' section, as updated in the previously referenced files, from the pdf file 
if available.


Create a simple executable application which can do the following things. Some of the components have 
already been created but will need to be updated to integrate with the application. Please use an update the 
scripts as necessary.
For now the application should have a fairly simple GUI which may be updated later. Please give the 
application the title: 'Recipe and Cookbook Creator'. Add a subtitle: 'For for use with individual recipe 
screenshots and Paprika Recipe Manager 3 recipe files'.

The application should be able to do and handle the following:
1. Have a designated space to drag-and-drop files into, or select from the files system. The software should 
   then list the files that it received and have a clickable button below the list to clear it and return to 
   the drag-and-drop view so that the user can select or add new files.
2. Have a space for specifying the file system location that the user can select.
3. Have clickable buttons so for the following items. Based on the button and the file types of the files in 
   the spot created in the first bullet, the application should be determing what transformations, if any, 
   need to be done.
   - Create recipe pdf files
   - Create json recipe files
   - Create paprikarecipes file
4. Have a section for creating a cookbook based on recipes in the file system location specified in the 
   second bullet point. It should have a clickable button at the bottom which creates a cookbook from the 
   distinct recipe files. The section should also have the following items, but also have enough room for 
   future enhancements. 
  a. A set of buttons which filter the recipes that will be added in the cookbook. The buttons should be: 
   'All Recipes', '4 & 5 Stars', '5 Stars'. Only one button should be selectable at a time.
  b. A set of buttons which affect the cookbook formatting. The buttons should be: 'Grouped Images', 
    'Image Adjacent to Recipe', 'No Images'. 
5. Possibly necessary code updates.
  a. The PaprikaExtract.py and JSONToPDFRecipe.py scripts need to be updated to receive the folder path 
     specified in step 2 and use it rather than the current folder called 'All Recipes'.
  b. The PaprikaExtract.py script needs to be updated so that it can loop through the files in step 1, 
     handling individual recipes ('.paprikarecipe') and batch recipe extracts ('.paprikarecipes'). 
     Currently it can only handle a single '.paprikarecipes' file.



App tested. Some things work as intended and some do not.

Works as intended:
Files section and output folder section work fine.
Create recipe pdfs works fine.
Create json recipes works fine.
Create cookbook button works fine.

Does not work as intended:
The create paprikarecipes button doesn't work. It creates json files, but there is already another 
button/function for that. I need this button to create a file called 'recipes_for_import.paprikarecipes' 
which is a zipped file containing .paprikarecipe recipe files, which are renamed .gzip files based on the 
json recipe files.
Along with that fix, please change this so that there are two buttons for this. The first button should be 
'Create Paprikarecipes File from Files' which should only use the files in the drag-and-drop section. The 
second button should be 'Create Paprikarecipes File from Output Folder' which should include all json or pdf 
files (whichever thhere are more of) in the output filder section.

Next, the radio buttons for the Create Cookbook section don't work. They are all constantly active or 
inactive (not sure which), but I am unable to select just one from each set.


Further changes:
1. Change name of 'Create Recipe PDFs' to 'Create Recipe PDFs from Files' and 'Create JSON Recipe Files' to 
   'Create Recipe JSONs from Files'. Both of these buttons should only use the files in the drag-and-drop 
   section.
2. Add additional buttons to the action section, 'Create Recipe PDFs from Output Folder' and 
   'Create Recipe JSONs from Output Folder'. Both of these should only use files in the Output Folder 
   section.
3. Make the buttons in the Actions section be side by side based on what they do. 'Create Recipe PDFs...' 
   buttons should be in the first row, 'Create Recipe JSONs...' buttons should be in the second row, and 
   'Create Paprikarecipes...' buttons should be in the third row.
4. For the 'Create Recipe PDFs from Files' button, if the files are of type .paprikarecipe or .paprikarecipes 
   then create the json and pdf files. If the files are .json then only create the pdf files.
   For the 'Create Recipe PDFs from Output Folder' button, if the only files are .paprikarecipe or the only 
   file is .paprikarecipes then create the json and pdf files. If there are any .json files the only create 
   pdfs for those files and ignore any other files.
5. Adjust the 'Nutritional Information' section in the recipe formatting so that it is always below the end 
   of the 'Notes' section in the pdf recipe file.


Hey Claude, following up from the last session, can you please update the app so that it has the packages 
for the LLMs installed by default. I don't want the user to have to deal with that extra step. Also, can you 
please make sure the API Key is deleted each time the app or executable file is closed? The API Key should 
never be stored except for the current session of the app.


1. Add ' - requires API Key' to the end of 'LLM Recipe Extraction'
2. .json files are not user friendly so let's remove those components from what the user sees in the app. 
   However, the .json files should still be created and used as part of the processing and file storage.
3. For the Cookbook Creator filter buttons:
   a. When '5 Stars' is selected, only include .json recipes with a rating of 5, or .pdf recipes ending in 
     '(5 Stars)'
   b. When '4 & 5 Stars' is selected, only include .json recipes with a rating of 4 or 5, or .pdf recipes 
      ending in '(4 Stars)' or '(5 Stars)'
   c. When 'All Recipes' is selected use all recipes


Please update the Nutritional Information section so that it is formatted into the same column as the 
Directions and Notes sections.
Place the Nutritional Information into the same grouping as the Directions and Notes, don't put it into a 
separate section. Right now it is separated and placed on the second page, but it should be placed right 
below the Notes section.

Everything above this line has already been completed.


Further To Do, but needs more planning.
#. Cookbook contents formatting/organization:
   a. Add a cover page with the main text 'Family Recipes' and sub text of 'From the Kipp/Paul Household'
   b. Add a blank page after the title page and then add a table of contents on the third page. The table of 
      contents should only contain the categories with the following layout. Include page numbers for the 
      categories with the category title page of 'Appetizers/Starters' being page number 1. Add a blank page 
      after the table of contents page.
      - Appetizers/Starters
      - Mains
      - Sides
      - Desserts
      - Misc
        - Breads
        - Sauces/Toppings
        - Drinks
   c. Add a title page for each category with the title of the category at the top and then all the recipes in the 
      category listed below with their respective page number. Always add a blank page after the last recipe in a 
      category and if necessary add an additional blank page so that the category title page is always on an odd 
      numbered page.
   d. 

#. Want to pretty-up the formatting of the recipe without messing with the page sizing and spacing too 
  much. Make this optional or let the app user decide what the pretty formatting should be?
#. Include an index, but need to determine how to sort things.
#. Need to do some pre-emptory formatting adjustments so that any two-page recipes aren't printed on the 
  front and back of one page. Want to be able to see the whole recipe at once without flipping pages.